Hajj is a great journey which involves the heart, the tongue and the limbs, and it is also a physical and financial form of worship.  Just as the pilgrim spends his money on it, he also exerts great physical effort in it.  For this reason, one of the conditions of this obligation is physical ability, so whoever is not able to perform Hajj himself, does not have to perform Hajj himself.  As it is a unique journey and experience, the pilgrim must take care of his health as much as he can, so that he can perform his wor- ship to the fullest.  7  Prevention is better than cure  The commandments and directives of Is- lam are based on preserving the body and health, and prevention before falling ill through cleanliness, food and drink safe- ty, and even the prohibition of staying up late for no reason, which makes us live a healthy and sound life.You have to renew your intentions and sincerity to Allah the Exalted. The fact that you came all the way to perform Hajj is nothing but out of love for Allah and response to His command, seeking His mercy and reward, and fearing His punishment. This is not for showing off or out of arrogance, nor so that people can say: “So-and-so performed Hajj”, nor to be called a pilgrim with the nickname “Haaj”.  Make sure to learn the rulings on Hajj and ask the people of knowledge in your group about what confuses you. You will also find in this guide all the information you need.  Ensure you have good manners with peo- ple in general and with your Hajj compan- ions in particular. This can happen through them with the salaam, smiling at them, re- fraining from arguments, and and helping and assisting them in what they need in their affairs.  30From the moment the pilgrim performing Hajj and ‘Umrah enters into the state of Ihraam, he is involved in a great act of worship and must mind his words, actions and behaviour and try to increase his rewards, as the Almighty said: “The pilgrimage is (in) the well-known months, and whoever is minded to perform the pilgrimage therein (let him remember that) there is (to be) no lewdness nor abuse nor angry conversation on the pilgrimage. And whatsoever good ye do Allah knoweth it. So make provision for yourselves (Hereaf- ter); for the best provision is to ward off evil. Therefore keep your duty unto Me, O men of understanding.”  29Makkah is the best of all lands and the dearest of all Allah’s lands to Him and to His Messenger, peace be upon him. Allah has chosen it for the Hajj rituals to be performed in it and considers the journey to it for this purpose an act of worship by which degrees are raised and sins are erased.  The Prophet, peace be upon him, said, addressing Makkah, “I swear by Allah that you are the best land of Allah and the dearest of all His lands to Him.”  8  It is the first house of worship ever built on earth for people to worship Allah and declare His unity: “The first house of worship ever set up for mankind was indeed the one in Bakkah—a blessed place and source of guidance for all people.” (3:96)  In this guide, you are going to learn ev- erything you need to visit the Ka’bah and achieve all the goals for which you have undertaken the journey to stay by it.  9  What is Al-Haram (The Sanctuary) and Why Is It so Important?